# Self Evaluation

- How confident do you feel in your understanding and fluency with the `each` method?
  - After Session 4's lesson I understand how to create the proper `codeblock` to use `.each do` and create a term in |pipes| that makes sense given the Array name. I also understand how `each` is used to run through the same process to every item in an Array, and how that can be very convenient in code.
- This was a much more advanced concept than anything you've done in Mod 0, and the exercises required you to push yourself to apply other background knowledge or learn things outside of the curriculum - how did that feel? Did you have productive struggle? Unproductive struggle?
  - This was a piece in code languages that I had anticipated we would learn eventually. It feels like the part that turns code from raw input to something more automated or like a script. AKA this is where Coding really turns into _Coding_. Before fully grasping the syntax I would be looking at example code online and struggle recognizing what they were saying. I think this clarified a lot of those struggles. I'd still say those were productive struggles, though. It meant I was training my eyes to recognize snipbits of code and what each piece meant. The fact that I was lost looking at specific pieces only meant I'd learn how to do it soon. I was able to pick a lot up using context of the surrounding code.
- What do you still need to practice or learn? How will you do that? Do you need to adjust your calendar in order to do that?
  - I still _really_ want to find out how to get large lists to automatically be inserted into a .rb file. For example, I really want to build a piece of code that holds an NHL team's roster. Their names, position, jersey number, games played, goals... etc. (I think this is similar to the 2nd or 3rd project we will do in Mod1.) There _has_ to be a fast way to input all these names and pieces of data, right?? Does a spreadsheet have an "export option" to get every item in an array populate with the "string", format? I'll figure this out before the start of Mod1
- What questions do you still have? How will you get the answers you need?
  - What is a Walama? Is it a dinosaur? Llama? Walrus? 
